Document Datadog AI agent coverage in Audit Trail (#38221)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/audit_trail/guides/track_agentic_usage_in_your_organization.md

## Overview

> Datadog AI agents, including the Bits fleet (Bits SRE, Bits Chat, Bits Security Analyst) and Bits Agent Builder, can take actions inside your organization on their own or on behalf of a user. Audit Trail attributes these actions to the agent that performed them and, when applicable, to the user who authorized them. Onboarding to this attribution model varies by agent and by action type. This guide walks you through finding agent-driven events, filtering them by agent type, tracing an agent's actions back to the user who delegated them, and checking current agent coverage.

Reviewer: It looks like you dropped "Bits Dev" from the list here; was that intentional? Bits Dev is still mentioned on this other page: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/38221/changes#diff-d522430ba4fafc9a364e7d797865cfcd58a9caca40f616e2bb9d2a254ce659fcR21

Author: Good catch! I removed it from the list because Bits Dev can't take action in Datadog today

## Agent coverage

Datadog AI agents onboard to the actor and delegation model individually, so coverage varies by agent and by action type. Use this table to check what you can query.

> **As of July 17, 2026**, the following coverage applies:

Author: @datadog fix this

| Agent | Status | Notes |
| ----- | ------ | ----- |
| Bits SRE | Tracked | Most actions include `@evt.actor.mode` and `@delegator.*`. Some tool-call and investigation actions do not include these fields yet. |
| Bits Chat | Partially tracked | Actions taken from the full [Bits Chat page][3] run in `interactive` mode, with the requesting user in `@delegator.*`. Actions taken from the inline chat panel (Cmd+I) don't include these fields yet. |
| Bits Security Analyst | Tracked | Actions run in `autonomous` mode. There is no delegating user, because these actions don't involve a human in the loop. |
| Bits Agent Builder | Not yet tracked | Actions don't include `@evt.actor.mode` or `@delegator.*` yet. |

> | Actions taken through the Datadog MCP server | Tracked | See [View actions taken through the Datadog MCP server](#view-actions-taken-through-the-datadog-mcp-server). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Actions taken through the Datadog MCP server | Tracked | See the [View actions taken through the Datadog MCP server](#view-actions-taken-through-the-datadog-mcp-server) section. |
```

It's clearer (and better for AI chunking) to say that the link is to a section on the same page; I'll add a suggestion in a few other places too

> | Third-party or customer-built agents | Not tracked | Audit Trail doesn't distinguish these from regular API and application key or personal access token (PAT) and service account token (SAT) usage. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Third-party or customer-built agents | Not tracked | Audit Trail doesn't distinguish these from regular usage of API keys, application keys, personal access tokens (PATs), or service account tokens (SATs). |
```

Restructured to make this easier to read

**Note**: Even for a tracked agent, some action types haven't onboarded yet. `@evt.actor.mode:*` doesn't return every action for every tracked agent. Datadog is expanding coverage to the remaining agents and action types.

## View all Datadog AI agent activity

1. Navigate to [Audit Trail][1].
2. In the search bar, enter the query: `@evt.actor.mode:*`.

>    This query returns events where an onboarded Datadog AI agent is the actor, whether the agent acted `interactive` (a user was present and approved the action) or `autonomous` (the agent acted on a system trigger, with no user involved). See [Agent coverage](#agent-coverage) for which agents and action types this includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This query returns events where an onboarded Datadog AI agent is the actor, whether the agent acted in `interactive` mode (a user was present and approved the action) or `autonomous` mode (the agent acted on a system trigger, with no user involved). See the [Agent coverage](#agent-coverage) section for which agents and action types this includes.
```

3. Click an event to open details and see the full actor breakdown: the delegator (the user, if any), the agent, and the mode.

> **Note**: This query only returns activity from agents and action types already onboarded to the actor and delegation model. See [Agent coverage](#agent-coverage) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This query only returns activity from agents and action types already onboarded to the actor and delegation model. See the [Agent coverage](#agent-coverage) section for details.
```

   | All actions attributed to a user, including actions a Datadog AI agent performed on their behalf      | `(@usr.id:<USER_ID> OR @delegator.id:<USER_ID>)`               |
3. See [Create a dashboard or a graph][2] if you want to put this information into a dashboard or graph.

> **Note**: This only surfaces delegated actions from agents and action types already onboarded to the delegation model. See [Agent coverage](#agent-coverage) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This only surfaces delegated actions from agents and action types already onboarded to the delegation model. See the [Agent coverage](#agent-coverage) section for details.
```
